README.md, before:

#### $\textcolor{red}{\textsf{The repository is being reconstructed. I haven't uploaded all of the solved targets yet..}}$ 

# CSSBattle
Repository for solved targets from [https://cssbattle.dev/](https://cssbattle.dev/).

## Battle #01 - Pilot Battle
[Link to the battle](https://cssbattle.dev/battle/1)

| No. | Target | Name | Solved |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| 001 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 001 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/1.png>    | [Ups n Downs](https://cssbattle.dev/play/2)         | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/001_simply-square.md) |
| 002 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 002 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/2.png>    | [Carrom](https://cssbattle.dev/play/2)              | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/002_carrom.md) |
| 003 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 003 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/3.png>    | [Push Button](https://cssbattle.dev/play/3)         | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/003_push-button.md) |
| 004 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 004 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/4.png>    | [Ups n Downs](https://cssbattle.dev/play/4)         | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/004_ups-n-downs.md) |
| 005 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 005 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/5.png>    | [Acid Rain](https://cssbattle.dev/play/5)           | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/005_acid-rain.md) |
| 006 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 006 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/6.png>    | [Missing Slice](https://cssbattle.dev/play/6)       | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/006_missing-slice.md) |
| 007 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 007 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/7.png>    | [Leafy Trail](https://cssbattle.dev/play/7)         | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/007_leafy-trail.md) |
| 008 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 008 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/8.png>    | [Forking Crazy](https://cssbattle.dev/play/8)       | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/008_forking-crazy.md) |
| 009 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 009 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/9.png>    | [Tesseract](https://cssbattle.dev/play/9)           | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/009_tesseract.md) |
| 010 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 010 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/10.png>   | [Cloaked Spirits](https://cssbattle.dev/play/10)    | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/010_cloaked-spirits.md) |
| 011 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 011 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/11.png>   | [Eye of Sauron](https://cssbattle.dev/play/11)      | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/011_eye-of-sauron.md) |
| 012 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 012 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/12.png>   | [Wiggly Moustache](https://cssbattle.dev/play/12)   | ❌ |


## IDE Style
<style>
    * {
        background: #000;
        color: #fff;
        font-family: monospace;
    }
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6, tr > td:first-of-type, th {
        color: #0ee !important;
    }
    h2, h3 {
        border-top: 2px solid #fff;
        padding-top: 2%;
        margin-top: 5% !important;
    }
    tr > td {
        vertical-align: middle !important; 
    }
    a {
        text-decoration: underline !important;
        font-family: monospace;
    }
</style>

Commit message:

[feature]: Target 161 & 162 Solutions Upload and main README Update

README.md, after:

#### $\textcolor{red}{\textsf{The repository is being reconstructed. I haven't uploaded all of the solved targets yet..}}$ 

# CSSBattle
Repository for solved targets from [https://cssbattle.dev/](https://cssbattle.dev/).
Profile: [https://cssbattle.dev/player/voltrifrodec](https://cssbattle.dev/player/voltrifrodec)

## Battle #01 - Pilot Battle
[Link to the battle](https://cssbattle.dev/battle/1)

| No. | Target | Name | Solved |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| 001 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 001 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/1.png>    | [Ups n Downs](https://cssbattle.dev/play/2)         | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/001_simply-square.md) |
| 002 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 002 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/2.png>    | [Carrom](https://cssbattle.dev/play/2)              | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/002_carrom.md) |
| 003 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 003 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/3.png>    | [Push Button](https://cssbattle.dev/play/3)         | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/003_push-button.md) |
| 004 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 004 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/4.png>    | [Ups n Downs](https://cssbattle.dev/play/4)         | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/004_ups-n-downs.md) |
| 005 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 005 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/5.png>    | [Acid Rain](https://cssbattle.dev/play/5)           | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/005_acid-rain.md) |
| 006 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 006 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/6.png>    | [Missing Slice](https://cssbattle.dev/play/6)       | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/006_missing-slice.md) |
| 007 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 007 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/7.png>    | [Leafy Trail](https://cssbattle.dev/play/7)         | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/007_leafy-trail.md) |
| 008 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 008 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/8.png>    | [Forking Crazy](https://cssbattle.dev/play/8)       | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/008_forking-crazy.md) |
| 009 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 009 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/9.png>    | [Tesseract](https://cssbattle.dev/play/9)           | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/009_tesseract.md) |
| 010 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 010 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/10.png>   | [Cloaked Spirits](https://cssbattle.dev/play/10)    | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/010_cloaked-spirits.md) |
| 011 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 011 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/11.png>   | [Eye of Sauron](https://cssbattle.dev/play/11)      | [✔️](001-pilot-battle/011_eye-of-sauron.md) |
| 012 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 012 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/12.png>   | [Wiggly Moustache](https://cssbattle.dev/play/12)   | ❌ |


## Battle #26 - Initial
[Link to the battle](https://cssbattle.dev/battle/26)
My highest place in the overall leaderboard: 31 (2023-09-01)
| No. | Target | Name | Solved |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| 159 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 159 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/159.png>  | [Portal](https://cssbattle.dev/play/159)            | [✔️](026-initial/159_portal.md)     |
| 160 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 160 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/160.png>  | [Portal](https://cssbattle.dev/play/160)            | [✔️](026-initial/160_donut.md)      |
| 161 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 161 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/161.png>  | [Portal](https://cssbattle.dev/play/161)            | [✔️](026-initial/161_converge.md)   |
| 162 | <img width=100 height=75 alt="Target 162 Image" src=https://cssbattle.dev/targets/162.png>  | [Portal](https://cssbattle.dev/play/162)            | [✔️](026-initial/162_chevron.md)    |


## IDE Style
<style>
    * {
        background: #000;
        color: #fff;
        font-family: monospace;
    }
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6, tr > td:first-of-type, th {
        color: #0ee !important;
    }
    h2, h3 {
        border-top: 2px solid #fff;
        padding-top: 2%;
        margin-top: 5% !important;
    }
    tr > td {
        vertical-align: middle !important; 
    }
    a {
        text-decoration: underline !important;
        font-family: monospace;
    }
</style>
