001-pilot-battle/README.md, before:

# CSSBattle - Battle #1 - Pilot Battle
Link: https://cssbattle.dev/battle/1


*Note*: There's 100% match on every target, so I skipped writing percentage match.
| No. | Target | Score | Highest Score | Status |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| 001 | [Simply Square](https://cssbattle.dev/play/1) | [783.08 [82]](https://github.com/Voltrifrodec/CSSBattle/blob/main/001-pilot-battle/001-simply-square_attempt-01.html) | [834.56 [56]](https://github.com/Voltrifrodec/CSSBattle/blob/main/001-pilot-battle/001-simply-square_attempt-02.html) | ✔️ |
| 002 | [Carrom](https://cssbattle.dev/play/2) |  |  | ❌ |
| 003 | [Push Button](https://cssbattle.dev/play/3) |  |  | ❌ |
| 004 | [Ups n Downs](https://cssbattle.dev/play/4) |  |  | ❌ |
| 005 | [Acid Rain](https://cssbattle.dev/play/5) |  |  | ❌ |
| 006 | [Missing Slice](https://cssbattle.dev/play/6) |  |  | ❌ |
| 007 | [Leafy Trail](https://cssbattle.dev/play/7) |  |  | ❌ |
| 008 | [Forking Crazy](https://cssbattle.dev/play/8) |  |  | ❌ |
| 009 | [Tesseract](https://cssbattle.dev/play/9) |  |  | ❌ |
| 010 | [Cloaked Spirits](https://cssbattle.dev/play/10) |  |  | ❌ |
| 011 | [Eye of Sauron](https://cssbattle.dev/play/11) |  |  | ❌ |
| 012 | [Wiggly Moustache](https://cssbattle.dev/play/12) |  |  | ❌ |


## IDE Style
<style>
    * {
        background: #000;
        color: #fff;
        font-family: monospace;
    }
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6, tr > td:first-of-type, th {
        color: #0ee !important;
    }
    h2, h3 {
        border-top: 2px solid #fff;
        padding-top: 2%;
        margin-top: 5% !important;
    }
    tr > td {
        vertical-align: middle !important; 
    }
    a {
        text-decoration: underline !important;
        font-family: 'Times New Roman', monospace;
    }
</style>

Commit message:

[daily]: Add Daily Target Solution and Reworked Targets Upload

001-pilot-battle/README.md, after:

# CSSBattle - Battle #1 - Pilot Battle
Link: https://cssbattle.dev/battle/1


*Note*: There's 100% match on every target, so I skipped writing percentage match.
| No. | Target | Score | Highest Score | Status |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| 001 | [Simply Square](https://cssbattle.dev/play/1) | [783.08 {082}](https://github.com/Voltrifrodec/CSSBattle/blob/main/001-pilot-battle/001-simply-square_attempt-01.html) | [834.56 {056}](https://github.com/Voltrifrodec/CSSBattle/blob/main/001-pilot-battle/001-simply-square_attempt-02.html) | ✔️ |
| 002 | [Carrom](https://cssbattle.dev/play/2) | [621.44 {307}](https://github.com/Voltrifrodec/CSSBattle/blob/main/001-pilot-battle/002-carrom_attempt-01.html) | [776.23 {086}](https://github.com/Voltrifrodec/CSSBattle/blob/main/001-pilot-battle/002-carrom_attempt-02.html) | ✔️ |
| 003 | [Push Button](https://cssbattle.dev/play/3) | [607.37 {419}](https://github.com/Voltrifrodec/CSSBattle/blob/main/001-pilot-battle/003_push-button_attempt-01.html) | [683.80 {164}](https://github.com/Voltrifrodec/CSSBattle/blob/main/001-pilot-battle/003_push-button_attempt-03.html) | ✔️ |
| 004 | [Ups n Downs](https://cssbattle.dev/play/4) | [604.89 {462}](https://github.com/Voltrifrodec/CSSBattle/blob/main/001-pilot-battle/004_ups-n-downs_attempt-01.html) | 722.68 {124}<sup>1</sup> | ✔️ |
| 005 | [Acid Rain](https://cssbattle.dev/play/5) |  |  | ❌ |
| 006 | [Missing Slice](https://cssbattle.dev/play/6) |  |  | ❌ |
| 007 | [Leafy Trail](https://cssbattle.dev/play/7) |  |  | ❌ |
| 008 | [Forking Crazy](https://cssbattle.dev/play/8) |  |  | ❌ |
| 009 | [Tesseract](https://cssbattle.dev/play/9) |  |  | ❌ |
| 010 | [Cloaked Spirits](https://cssbattle.dev/play/10) |  |  | ❌ |
| 011 | [Eye of Sauron](https://cssbattle.dev/play/11) |  |  | ❌ |
| 012 | [Wiggly Moustache](https://cssbattle.dev/play/12) |  |  | ❌ |

<sup>1</sup> - Attempt to solve a target someone else's solution resulted in literally the same code, so I didn't include it here.

## IDE Style
<style>
    * {
        background: #000;
        color: #fff;
        font-family: monospace;
    }
    h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6, tr > td:first-of-type, th {
        color: #0ee !important;
    }
    h2, h3 {
        border-top: 2px solid #fff;
        padding-top: 2%;
        margin-top: 5% !important;
    }
    tr > td {
        vertical-align: middle !important; 
    }
    a {
        text-decoration: underline !important;
        font-family: 'Times New Roman', monospace;
    }
</style>
